RHIDP-4862 - Update Tech Radar to 1.0 (#708)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/getting-started/proc-customize-rhdh-tech-radar-page.adoc

[id='proc-customize-rhdh-tech-radar-page_{context}']
= Customizing the Tech Radar page in {product}

> In {product}, the Tech Radar page is provided by the `tech-radar` and `tech-radar-backend` dynamic plugin, which is disabled by default. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {product}, the Tech Radar page is provided by the `tech-radar` and `tech-radar-backend` dynamic plugins, which are disabled by default. 
```

.Prerequisites

* You have installed {product} by using either the Operator or Helm chart. For more information, see link:{installing-on-ocp-book-url}[{installing-on-ocp-book-title}].

> * You have specified the data sources for the Tech Radar plugin in the `integrations` section in the `app-config.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have specified the data sources for the Tech Radar plugin in the `integrations` section of the `app-config.yaml` file.
```

> * You have specified the data sources for the Tech Radar plugin in the `integrations` section of the `app-config.yaml` file. For more information, see link:{authentication-book-url}#authenticating-with-github[Authenticating with GitHub].

Reviewer 2: Do you think this might be better?
```suggestion
* You have specified the data sources for the Tech Radar plugin in the `integrations` section of the `app-config.yaml` file. For example, to configure GitHub as a data source, see link:{authentication-book-url}#authenticating-with-github[Configuring GitHub Integration].
```

> * You have specified the data sources for the Tech Radar plugin in the `integrations` section of the `app-config.yaml` file. For example, to configure GitHub as a datasource, see link:{authentication-book-url}#authenticating-with-github[Authenticating with GitHub].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have specified the data sources for the Tech Radar plugin in the `integrations` section of the `app-config.yaml` file. For example, to configure GitHub as an authentication provider, see link:{authentication-book-url}#authenticating-with-github[Authenticating with GitHub].
```

.Prerequisites

* You have installed {product} by using either the Operator or Helm chart. For more information, see xref:{installing-on-ocp-book-url}[{installing-on-ocp-book-title}].

> * Configure integrations under the Integrations section in the `app-config.yaml` file to specify the sources from which the Tech Radar plugin fetches data for display.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Configure integrations under the `integrations` section in the `app-config.yaml` file to specify the sources from which the Tech Radar plugin fetches data for display.
```

> * Configure integrations under the `integrations` section in the `app-config.yaml` file to specify the sources from which the Tech Radar plugin fetches data for display.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have specified the data sources for the Tech Radar plugin in the `integrations` section of the `app-config.yaml` file.
```

.Procedure

To access the data from the JSON files, complete the following step:

. Enable the `./dynamic-plugins/dist/backstage-community-plugin-tech-radar` and `/dynamic-plugins/dist/backstage-community-plugin-tech-radar-backend-dynamic` plugins.

> . Add the following code to the app-config.yaml file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add the following code to the `app-config.yaml` file:
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
techRadar:        

>     url: ${TECH_RADAR_DATA_URL}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    url: ${TECH_RADAR_DATA_URL} <1>
```

----

> where `TECH_RADAR_DATA_URL` is the URL from which the JSON data is loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> `TECH_RADAR_DATA_URL` is the URL from which the JSON data is loaded.
```

To use a separate service to provide the Tech Radar data, complete the following steps:

. Add the dedicated service as an allowed host by adding the following code to the `app-config.yaml` file:
+
[source,yaml]
----
backend:    
   reading:    
        allow:     
          - host: 'hostname'
----

> . Add the following to the app-config.yaml file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add the following to the `app-config.yaml` file:
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
techRadar:        

>     url: ${TECH_RADAR_DATA_URL}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    url: ${TECH_RADAR_DATA_URL} <1>
```

----

> where `TECH_RADAR_DATA_URL` is the URL from which the JSON data is loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> `TECH_RADAR_DATA_URL` is the URL from which the JSON data is loaded.
```
